we flew into Dallas on Sunday and then
we flew right back late last night it
was a quick trip so this resonated with
me in particular Expedia the travel
company conducted a poll asking flyers
to name the most annoying types of
airline passengers and I was going to
read this list to you it's very
entertaining but I thought it'd be more
interesting if we act it out for you so
without further ado here they are
according to Expedia the most annoying
people on the plane the first category
of offender is chatty Charlie this is
the guy who will talk to you non-stop
during the flight
[Music]
hello hello what's your name where are
you from what is it you do my name is
Patrick I'm English like the muffins
I've read that book she dies in the end
oops spoiler alert
Nexus well would they call the stinky
snacker you know him well this is the
guy who brings his own messy disgusting
food on board I'm feeling a little
peckish time for a day-old tuna sub and
the slice of camembert hmm Oh would you
like to try it and what about you Tom
you could have both of you really
suit yourselves next we have the seat
climber the sea climb this is the guy
who climbs over you to get to the
bathroom he doesn't wait for you to move
he doesn't ask you just goes time to go
to the loo to the loo I go Oh oops
I'm so sorry party
partly my genitals which were nearly in
your mouth oh I've got my toothbrush
toothbrush when I took oh here you go
lagging in hi this might be the worst
one the seat kicker this is a person who
cannot or will not control his leg this
is the person that keeps kicking and
kicking the back of your seat haha this
Tyler Perry movie is oh my god help kick
Eva she confronted me in hysterical
laughter ha ha
and last but not least the landing
clapper now this is the person who
bursts into spontaneous applause the
moment the plane touches down
yo Bravo well done
wasn't it a glorious landing splendid
stop uncle uncle let's go up again what
what a triumphant achievement in flight
Bravo and the pilot couldn't have done
it without you
[Applause]
as illustrated by short Catherine's
oh that's it by the way hazard is your
new movie it's called match it opens in
theaters tomorrow thank you your grace
thank you hi internet Watchers Jimmy
Kimmel here subscribe to my youtube
channel for all our latest viral videos
and while you're here don't forget to
get in a very stupid fight in the
comment section okay
[Music]